= Materializer

Define a series of JSON representations of objects, and persist them on
save for fast rendering in the view.

== Why?

Well, in short, when rendering pages with hundreds, if not thousands of
objects, building the JSON was taking much too long.  Instead, we wanted
to maintain denormalized representations of infrequently changing data
to render, thereby cutting out the render time .  Unfortunately, these
were pages that could not be cached entirely since it could be any
subset of the large grouping of objects returned.

== Usage

Using Materializer is easy!

=== How to include an enable it?

It's easy.  First, add the gem:

    gem 'materializer'

Enable materializer in the models you which to maintain rendered views
in.

    include Materializer

Then, define one or more materialization profiles:

    materialize :into => FIELD_NAME, :using => METHOD_NAME

You'll also need to make a migration to add the column:

    t.string FIELD_NAME_json

Voila!  

FIELD_NAME will be populated with the JSON generated from
METHOD_NAME on save.  METHOD_NAME should be implemented as a
as_json-type method returning a hash.

=== Examples

Some examples on usage:

==== Materialize data into name_json using the name_as_json method.

    materialize :into => :name, :using => :name_as_json

==== Materialize data into all_json using the as_json method.

    materialize :into => :all, :using => :as_json

==== Pull in objects from other models

    materialize :into => :all, :using => :all_as_json

    def all_as_json
      { :field1 => field1, :association1 => association1.as_json } 
    end

== Compatibility 

This gem currently works with rails 3.1.x or higher.

== License

Materializer is Copyright © 2011 Swipely.  It is free software, and may be redistributed under the terms specified in the LICENSE file.

== About

The materializer gem was written by {Christopher Meiklejohn}[mailto:cmeiklejohn@swipely.com] from {Swipely, Inc.}[http://www.swipely.com].
